[Music]
the most accurate for question
personality test it's always interesting
and fun to learn more about yourself and
what can be a better way to do it than
the famous myers-briggs Type Indicator
it was created during World War two to
help women get jobs and replace the men
who had left to fight after answering
several questions they got a short
report according to which they could
find the most effective work some
Western companies still use the
myers-briggs Type Indicator
when selecting candidates for their
vacancies and it's no surprise this test
proved to be effective not only for
choosing a job but also for describing a
person so grab a piece of paper and a
pen and prepare to learn more about
yourself here is a short version of this
test with only four questions and to
answer options to each the combination
of letters will tell you a lot about
your personality type your strengths and
weaknesses and a lot of other stuff that
may surprise you let's begin question 1
you are exhausted because your week was
endless and less than great how are you
gonna spend your weekend
I'll call my friends to ask about their
plans I heard that a new restaurant open
a nice comedy is playing in the cinemas
there are big discounts at the paintball
club we should all go out together
[Music]
I'll switch on the don't disturb mode on
my phone and stay at home I'll watch a
new episode of my favorite TV show do a
puzzle and take a long bath with a book
[Music]
if you chose the first variant you're an
extrovert so write down the letter e if
the second option is more you then
you're an introvert your letter for this
one is on
[Music]
question two which of these two
descriptions suits you more the most
important thing for me is what's
happening here and now I assess real
situations and pay attention to details
[Music]
facts are boring I love to dream and
play over upcoming events in my mind I
rely more on intuition than information
[Music]
if the first description is 100% you you
are a sensing type so s is your second
letter the second option stands for an
intuitive type of people if you chose it
put down an end question 3 a competitor
of your current employer is trying to
entice you you have doubts because the
salary is much higher there but the
staff here is great moreover the head of
your department hinted that he would
recommend you to the bosses when he
retires how are you going to make a
decision
[Music]
I'll learn all the available information
about the competitor ask my HR manager
for advice and draw a chart with all the
pros and cons in such cases it's
important to weigh up all the arguments
and assess the situation with a sharp
mind I'll listen to my feelings I always
try to follow my heart if the first
option is your go to plan in this
situation you are a thinking type which
stands for teeth second variant
describes feeling type it's an F
[Music]
question four only two weeks are left
before your close friends wedding how
are the preparations going one month ago
I chose the saxophonist who will play a
medley of our school songs collected the
couple's photo love story composed a
poem press to my suit made appointments
with the stylist and makeup master I
prepare to be fully armed
[Music]
why prepare I'll be having fun and
enjoying myself at the party all
improvised my wedding speech the best
things happen spontaneously if the first
point is preferable for you you are a
judging type so be sure to put down the
letter J if the second approach seems
more attractive to you you are a
perceiving person which means that your
letter is peak so that's it quick and
simple right now it's time to find out
what is your personality type according
to Myers Briggs let's start with the
extroverted types ESTJ manager 11
percent of men and 6 percent of women in
the world share the same ESTJ
personality type with you practical and
consistent you like to have order
everywhere by planning and organizing
everything but most of all you like to
convince people of your rightness and
make them think the way you think you
look at life soberly and above all trust
facts you are open for a communication
meeting new people and spending time at
parties you never forget to take care of
your close ones and can express your
love very well
your perfect career paths would be a
detective a judge a teacher a police
officer or a military leader famous
estjs Frank Sinatra Hillary Clinton
Michelle Obama Emma Watson and report
[Music]
ENTJ commander this is quite a rare type
only three percent of men and one
percent of women are ENT Jay's life for
you is a struggle and extreme this is
how you know yourself and others being
risky and brave you are easily inspired
to start something new at the same time
you assess your abilities both strengths
and weaknesses quite adequately you feel
new tendencies very well and are open to
new ideas
you think positively and adore sport and
everything connected to it your work
ethic is perfect for jobs such as a
business executive lawyer entrepreneur
university professor or a judge famous
ENTJ s Steve Jobs Jim Carrey George
Clooney Adele Bill Gates
[Music]
es F J teacher 17% of women and 8% of
men share this personality type with you
you get along with people very well and
you are the life of any party you are
attentive caring and always ready to
help even if you have to sacrifice your
interest for others yet you are very
independent in your deals and as a rule
you get everything without any side help
you only wait for emotional support from
your close ones the possible career
choices for ESF J's include a social
worker teacher nurse counselor and an
administrator famous ESF J's Anne
Hathaway Whitney Houston Taylor Swift
Hugh Jackman ed Sheeran
[Music]
es TP marshal it's six percent of men
and three percent of women that
represent the estp type participation is
more important than victory this is not
about you you strive to reach your goals
by any means even if you have to use
physical strength you stick to an exact
plan and you can't stand dependence and
compromises
you're a born fighter very active and
self-organized you can objectively
evaluate even the most stressful
situation and give a quick and exact
response
es TPS may enjoy having a career as an
entrepreneur a detective Assael
representative a sportsman or marketing
personnel famous es TPS Madonna Jack
Nicholson Donald Trump Angelina Jolie
Meryl Streep ENFJ mentor there are only
three percent of women and two percent
of men of this type in the world you are
emotional and talkative with rich facial
expressions and Jessica lations you are
very empathetic to other people's
emotions and you can spot even the
tiniest insincerity you are very jealous
and distrustful and love relationships
very often you are ready to face
upcoming events because of your ability
to feel them in advance you take
friendships very seriously and always
put an effort to stay connected you take
the same approach to your love life to
the ideal career paths for your type
include a psychologist diplomat writer
politician and a social worker famous
enfjs Barack Obama Jennifer Lawrence
Oprah Winfrey Nelson Mandela Kate
Winslet
[Music]
intp inventor four percent of men and
two percent of women are en TPS the
generator of ideas
you are always seeking to create
something new you adopt a non familiar
environments fast and master different
methods of work easily due to your
dislike of traditions and routine you
very often change your professional
spheres and hobbies becoming an
innovator and a pioneer what is
important about you is that not only can
you create new ideas but you are also
able to convey them to others and make
them come true if you're an entp your
perfect career may be an actor scientist
photographer computer programmer or an
entrepreneur famous intps
Leonardo da Vinci Tom Hanks Robert
Downey jr. Amy Poehler Salma Hayek es FP
politician 10% of women and 7% of men
share this politician type with you
you can professionally determine the
opportunities for your surroundings and
very often you use this skill to
manipulate people in communication with
people you primarily follow your
interests however you try to impress
everybody and create the image of a
simple person you stand firmly in the
present moment and you don't like to
waste time you want quick results
disliking bureaucracy and red tape
[Music]
possible career paths for you are a
fashion designer an artist an interior
decorator a photographer or a social
worker famous es FPS Marilyn Monroe
Quentin Tarantino Beyonce pink Leonardo
DiCaprio
[Music]
a NFP champion 10% of women and 6% of
men in the world represent this type you
are energetic and inquisitive with
creative skills you combine the features
of both introverts and extroverts which
is why not only do you get along with
people easily but you also empathize
well you are very good at advising you
perceive life with all the diversity of
its possibilities you have a rich
imagination in a very high IQ you're a
very harmonious person able to keep the
balance even in a very quickly changing
environment as for the career you would
be a perfect writer teacher actor
television reporter or scientist famous
enfps Oscar Wilde Walt Disney Ellen
DeGeneres Jennifer Aniston Sandra
Bullock now let's get to know more about
the introverted types INFP healer 5% of
women and 4% of men represent the infp
personality group a lyricist and dreamer
your inner harmony and self agreement
are always in first place most of your
thinking happens deep inside of you
nevertheless you can foresee events and
understand people well you like to dress
up and try to look good in all
circumstances you can't be called
thrifty and you often lose the sense of
time and reality
you will make a successful career in
writing psychology music teaching and
social work famous infps Johnny Depp
JK Rowling John Lennon Kurt Cobain Lana
Del Rey isfp composer 10% of women and
8% of men our isfps just like you are
you can find joy in simple things
handling routine and monotony easily you
like to feel needed which is why you
always help other people but never
interfere with their comfort zone you
can't stand conflicts and you can always
entertain people and make them laugh
you're a very down-to-earth practical
caring tender reliable and faithful
partner you take the world as it is
never trying to lead and manipulate your
ideal job list include such professions
as a pediatrician veterinarian designer
artist and a counselor famous isfps
Michael Jackson Audrey Hepburn Britney
Spears Paul McCartney Lady Gaga INTP
architect five percent of men and two
percent of women of the whole world
population are intps an egghead and
philosopher you don't like too much
expressiveness you always seek calm
emotions and comfort you're very careful
when making decisions preferring to
analyze and find connections between the
past present and future you are very
sensitive to changes and you don't
handle them easily you always try to
collect all of your facts thoughts and
ideas and that's why you are often very
tense
workwise
you would make a good scientist engineer
attorney mathematician or photographer
famous intps Albert Einstein Charles
Darwin Jane Austen Jesse Eisenberg Tina
Fey infj advisor if you're an infj 2% of
women and 1% of men share this
personality type with you this is the
rarest MBTI personality type you are
good at sensing people and their
relationships you can easily identify
moods and hidden talents which is why
people seek advice from you however you
are very vulnerable and can't stand
aggression and lack of love your driving
force is intuition aim not outside but
inside this type of person never stops
learning considering self development to
be the main priority by getting to know
yourself you help others your possible
career paths are a doctor a clergy a
teacher a psychologist or an artist
famous INFJs Agatha Christie Morgan
Freeman Al Pacino
Cate Blanchett Benedict Cumberbatch
[Music]
INTJ inspire three percent of men and 1
percent of women in the world our INTJs
you have the richest inner world from
where you get your incredible ideas you
strive for excellence and want to
improve everything and everybody however
you have some difficulties and
relationships with people very often
distancing yourself intentionally to
demonstrate your independence and you
can set priorities and trust your
intuition in relationships you very
often make a mistake of distancing
yourself intentionally to demonstrate
your independence you're often not that
keen on romance and it may take a long
time for you to figure out all these
dating details the greatest career
fields for you include such jobs as a
business administrator corporate
strategist organization builder attorney
or a professor famous INTJs Fredrik
Nietzsche Mark Zuckerberg Stephen
Hawking Jodie Foster Colin Firth
[Music]
is FJ protector there are generally more
women of this type 19% than men
8% you can't stand falseness and
insincerity in relationships you
distinguish strangers and keep them at a
distance right away for the people
inside your circle you do anything and
never ask for anything in return you are
observant and very careful with words
and deeds kind and caring you see your
main goal as helping people and making
them happier you certainly put your
whole heart in your family and want your
relationships to last a lifetime
possible career paths for this type are
a child care provider a pastor a
shopkeeper an interior decorator and a
firefighter famous is fj's queen
elizabeth ii mother teresa anthony
hopkins Bruce Willis Kanye West
[Music]
I STP Candyman there are nine percent of
ISTP men and two percent of ISTP women
the handyman
as a rule has a technical mindset and
likes to make things by hand you don't
hurry with taking decisions and think
that it is better twice measured than
once wrong however you always meet
deadlines and you are very punctual by
nature you perceive this world through
feelings and your opinion of things
happening around you is very objective
and specific by nature you are
communicative but you will refuse
communication once you feel in sincerity
[Music]
your work ethic is perfect for becoming
a police officer a pilot a sportsman and
entrepreneur or a mechanic famous is TPS
Tom Cruise Stanley Kubrick Clint
Eastwood Scarlett Johansson Emily Blunt
ISTJ inspector 15 percent of men and
seven percent of women formed the ISTJ
personality group thoughtful pensive
responsible you are trustworthy but you
never take things as they are always
analyzing the incoming information you
are not interested in long-term
communication and prefer official
communication only during companionship
you are aimed at the final result
you like strictness and order and very
often you are pedantic you don't live in
your dreams only in the here-and-now you
will make an incredible manager
administrator detective military leader
or systems analyst famous is TJ's
Sigmund Freud stink Natalie Portman
Robert De Niro Angela Merkel so what
type are you tell us in the comments
section below don't forget to hit the
like button and share this video with
your friends and family to find out what
personality type they are subscribe to
our channel to join us on the bright
side
[Music]